Bleak Blessed
=============

Far to the south in Dolten, there is a land devoid of vegetation, where the sun is blocked by ash. The air choked with pollution. However, in this place their sits a city, a city filled with its own brand of horrible wonders. From a chained Balor, fueling the cities furnaces and home heating, to the tortured Solar that lights the homes of it’s citizens. Bleak is filled with things to make the imagination run wild. A place of technology and dark magics. Bleak has no usable natural resources and so has grown into a place of trade. Providing those that would trade food, with products scoured by it’s planar inhabitants. These beings regardless of their origin are second class citizens at best and slaves at worst. Bound by contracts or refugees from their own homes, these outsiders have found a horrible home, but a home nonetheless.  You grew up on these sickly streets. Rich or poor, outsider or normal, Bleak offers a series of gifts to those that live and live well. The strange power of the land also waits inside of you. Eager for release.  Your proximity to the corrupting air of Bleak grant you resistance to such hazards. **You receive a +3 bonus to saving throws versus poison.**  In Bleak there are few things to be excited about. Style is one of those things you understand and excel at. **Skill Prof – Performance**  Corruption Bonus – **+1 Charisma**  Corruption Effect: Your body is malnourished and choked with smog. **You gain -1 max hitpoint per level.**
